capital = 195

starting_train_buffer = 3.0

oob = "SOV_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

# set_autonomy = {
# 	target = FOB
# 	autonomous_state =  autonomy_puppet
# }

# set_autonomy = {
# 	target = FIN
# 	autonomous_state =  autonomy_puppet
# }

 set_autonomy = {
 	target = TRB
 	autonomous_state =  autonomy_puppet
 }

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = AUS
	modifier = enemy_in_first_wiltkrieg
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.45
set_war_support = 0.35
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}



set_convoys = 300

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = socialism_democratic
	
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	socialism_democratic = 40
	democratic = 11
	democratic_liberalism = 22
	fascism = 3
	ultranationalism = 5
	communism = 12
	neutrality = 7
}




add_ideas = {
	SOV_ethnic_conflicts
	SOV_political_divide
	SOV_beacon_of_democracy
	SOV_conservative_high_command
	aleksandr_konovalov
	sergey_salazkin
	aleksandr_konovalov_two
	mikhail_tereshchenko
	mikhail_bernatsky
	aleksey_nikitin
}

recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rodzaevsky
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_bogrov
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_milyukov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_belogurov
recruit_character = SOV_nicholas_ii
recruit_character = SOV_vladmir_lenin
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_wrangel
recruit_character = SOV_larv_kornilov
recruit_character = SOV_anton_denikin
recruit_character = SOV_carl_gustaf_emil_mannerheim
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_vilho_petter_nenonen
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_markov
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_krasnov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_drozdovskiy
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_vatutin
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_shatilov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kappel
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_boldyrev
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_bonchbburyevich
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_drozdov
recruit_character = SOV_anton_turkul
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_von_manstein
recruit_character = SOV_abram_dragomirov
recruit_character = SOV_pavlo_skoropadskyi
recruit_character = SOV_giorgi_khimshiashvili
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_gilchevsky
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_romanovsky
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_kutepov
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shteifon
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_vitkovsky
recruit_character = SOV_fyedor_abramov
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_naumenko
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_bermondtavalov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksey_grishinalmazov
recruit_character = SOV_bronislav_kaminski
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_levitov
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_kolchak
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kedrov
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_ivanov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_arseniy_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_nestor_monastyryev
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_korolyov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_berens
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_tkachyov
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_argeyev
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_nechayev
recruit_character = SOV_anatoli_rogozhin
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_khudyakov


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Alexander Rad√≥"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_alexander_rado
		traits = { operative_natural_orator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV HUN }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Kim Philby"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_kim_philby
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV ENG }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Richard Sorge"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_richard_sorge
		traits = { operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV GER }
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"
		type = submarine_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "AG Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"			# represents Debakrist, B class, L-55 sub
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series II Leninets"				# represents Leninets series II, XI
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SOV_SS_LENINETS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series V Shchuka"				# represents Shchuka series III, V, V-bis, V-bis-2
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"				# 'Stalinets', series IX, IX-bis, IX-bis-2 and P-class
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SOV_SS_STALINETS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series X Shchuka"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orfey Class"						# represents Yakov Sverdlov and Orfey classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Derzky Class"						
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fidonisi Class"						# represents Fidonisi and Izyaslav classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Petrograd & Minsk Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2		#Leningrad & Minsk Class
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bug Class"					# minelayer
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bogatyr Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1		#Komintern
		name_group = SOV_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Svetlana Class" 			#Chervona Ukraina Class
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Nakhimov Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1				
		name_group = SOV_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Askold Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = SOV_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
		}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gangut Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Imperatritsa Mariya Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Imperator Nikolai I Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Evstafi Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Peresvet Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Borodino Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Andrei Pervozvanny Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series X Shchuka"
			type = submarine_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				sub_engine_upgrade = 3
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 3
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			}
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Maxim Gorky Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_2
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Submarines #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series XIII Leninets"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = SOV_SS_LENINETS
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Series XIV K-Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_3
			name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_3
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			}
		}
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Gnevnyy Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Soobrazitelnyi Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tashkent Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_3
			name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_3
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
	}
}
